Docs/key value tags for resources (#730)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/browse.mdx

---
page_title: Browse workspaces
description: Learn how to use the sorting and filtering interfaces in HCP Terraform to create different views of the resource data that the app manages so that you can track consumption across your organizations.
---

# Browse workspaces

This topic describes how to use browse, sort, and filter workspaces in the UI so that you can track consumption across your organizations.

## Overview

HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise include several interfaces for browsing, sorting, and filtering resource data so that you can effectively manage workspaces and projects. You can also use interfaces together, such as applying a tag filter and sorting by workspace name, to refine results.

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:explorer-callout -->
-> **Note:**  The explorer for workspace visibility surfaces a wider range of valuable information from across your workspaces. [Learn more](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/explorer).
<!-- END: TFC:only name:explorer-callout -->

## Requirements

> You must be a member of a team with the **Read** permissions enabled for Terraform runs to view workspaces associated with the run. Refer to the [permissions reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions) for additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must be a member of a team with workspace "Read" permissions to view Terraform runs associated with that workspace. Refer to the [permissions reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-workspace-permissions) for additional information.
```

## Find a workspace

1. Log in and choose your organization.
1. Click **Workspaces** to view workspaces you have access to.
1. Click on the drawer icon in the **Workspaces** bar to view projects you have access to.
1. If your organization contains several workspaces or projects, you can paginate through the workspace screen or project drawer to find the workspace you are looking for.
1. You can also use the search bar in the **Workspace** drawer to find a project by name

## Filter workspaces

You can use the following interfaces to sort and filter workspaces:

- Click on a run status button to filter workspaces by one of the most common run statuses. You can filter by one of the following statuses:

    - Needs attention
    - Errored
    - Running
    - On hold
    - Applied

- Choose one or more tags from the **Tags** drop-down to filter workspaces by tag.
- Choose one or more run statuses from the **Status** drop-down to filter workspaces by run status. The **Status** drop-down lists all available run statuses, including the common statuses available in the run status button bar.

> - **Tag filter:** The tag filter shows a list of tags added to all workspaces, limited to the first 1,000 tags alphabetically. Choosing one or more will show only workspaces tagged with all of the chosen tags.

Reviewer: It feels weird to only have one of these bullet points have a bold beginner:
```suggestion
- The tag filter shows a list of tags added to all workspaces, limited to the first 1,000 tags alphabetically. Choosing one or more will show only workspaces tagged with all of the chosen tags.
```
